Thank you for taking the time to take a look at my first Port folio website, using CSS and HTML.

My main objective of this webpage was to demonstrate my fundamental understanding of both HTML and CSS.

I have learned a lot from this project through my many trials and errors. A lot of my content I will use in future projects and more that I will revise and refine to make more intuitive. In this short dialogue, I will elaborate on several aspects that stood out.

What Went Well?
I believe that the interactivity that my CSS bought to the project helped give it personality and life. For example, instead of having a never ending scroll of information in my employment history page, I put the most important info in large and the smaller less necessary information would scale in size when the curser hovered over the section. 
I used this universally throughout all pages, which allowed for a compact and info rich page, without giving it a compact feeling.

The styling of the page was another point of pride. I think that the project has a neutral colour scheme that does not offend the eyes, whilst main tinging a form of visual stimulation. The grey and baby blue does not give off any unprofessional tones which needed accounting for considering that it is an interactive Curriculum vitae. 
furthermore, the rounded edges on sections allowed for a less harsh look. This adds to the previous mentioned unoffensive look of the page.

What can I improve on? 

Upon reflection, there are a lot of things I need to refine. For example, I believe that the page needs to scale better depending on the width and height of the browser. I noticed that the navigation bar is very cramped and needs refinement when in a smaller tab. 

My tidiness of code needs to be improved. For example, using one metric of size would have made life significantly easier. Perhaps using rem would have made a more standard sizing for all of my text. 

To further my interactivity, I will be integrating my JavaScript knowledge in the next revision! This should allow for more user interactivity and friendliness. 



 My takeaways from having an opportunity to play with HTML and CSS were:

- CSS can save SO MUCH time when it comes to making standardised web pages. I was able to create a theme that was consistent, interactive elements that I didn't have to copy paste all over the place and reduce the amount of code needed for the same results. 

- HTML can be a made so much more powerful with the addition of CSS as the class attribute is all you need to attach a slue of properties. 

- Trough making my own style sheet, I now understand and look forward to integrating libraries that will further reduce workload!  